docs: add command reference (#903)
kubernetes-sigs/secrets-store-csi-driver: docs/book/src/topics/command-reference.md

| `--drivername`                       | Name of the driver                                                     | `secrets-store.csi.k8s.io`                    |
| `--nodeid`                           | Node ID                                                                |                                             |
| `--log-format-json`                  | Set log formatter to json                                              | `false`                                       |
| `--provider-volume`                  | Volume path for provider                                               | `/etc/kubernetes/secrets-store-csi-providers` |
| `--additional-provider-volume-paths` | Comma separated list of additional paths to communicate with providers | `/var/run/secrets-store-csi-providers`        |
| `--metrics-addr`                     | The address the metric endpoint binds to                               | `:8095`                                       |
| `--enable-secret-rotation`           | Enable secret rotation feature [alpha]                                 | `false`                                       |

> | `--rotation-poll-interval`           | Secret rotation poll interval duration                                 |                                             |

Reviewer: default rotation poll interval is `2m`

# Command Reference

> The Secrets Store CSI Driver can be provided with the following command line arguments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `secrets-store` container in the DaemonSet can be configured using the following command line arguments:
```
